ON CAMERA SPANKING A CHILD.
16 WAPT'S ROSS ADAMS
JOINS US LIVE FROM THAT DAYCARE
CENTER. ROSS.
THE CELLPHONE VIDEO WAS SHOT TWO
MONTHS AGO HERE AT THIS SOUTH
JACKSON
DAY CARE CENTER NOW THAT IT'S
PUBLIC,
STATE AUTHORITIES ARE
INVESTIGATING.
A DAY CARE SPANKING CAUGHT ON
CAMERA.
NATS... YOU CAN SEE A WOMAN
STANDING BY WATCHING AS ANOTHER
WOMAN SPANKS A YOUNG BOY SITTING
IN
A CHAIR. WE BLURRED THE BOY'S
HIS FACE TO
PROTECT HIS IDENTITY. ANOTHER
CHILD SHOT
THE VIDEO TWO MONTHS AGO AT THE
LITTLE AMAZING CREATION CENTER
ON
MADDOX ROAD. THE LITTLE BOY IN
THE VIDEO WAS SITTING RIGHT
HERE. WE WANTED TO KNOW WHO'S
ACCOUNTABLE. WE TOOK THE VIDEO
TO
DAY CARE OWNER FRANCHETTA LEWIS.
CAN I GET YOUR RESPONSE TO
THAT? I'M NOT GONNA TO COMMENT.
NO COMMENT. DID
THAT HAPPEN HERE INSIDE THE DAY
CARE CENTER? WE ASKED LEWIS IF
THE SPANKING HAPPENED INSIDE HER
DAY CARE CENTER. I'M NOT GONNA
SAY
ANYTHING. IF THIS HAPPENED
INSIDE
YOUR DAY CARE CENTER IS THIS
SOMETHING THAT YOU WOULD
CONDONE? I DON'T KNOW. YOU DON'T
KNOW IF YOU WOULD CONDONE
SOME BEATING A STUDENT I DON'T
KNOW WHERE IT HAPPENED I DON'T
KNOW. AFTER WE SHOWED HER THE
VIDEO, LEWIS CALLED THE STATE
HEALTH DEPARTMENT TO INFORM
THE AGENCY ABOUT THE VIDEO THAT
SHOWS HER SPANKING THE BOY.
LEWIS TOLD
THEM SHE HAD HIS PARENTS
PERMISSION
TO SPANK THE CHILD. BUT THE
HEALTH
DEPARTMENT SAID PARENTS CAN'T
GIVE
DAY CARE WORKERS THE RIGHT TO
SPANK
THEIR KIDS. WE ASKED LEWIS ONE
MORE TIME ABOUT THE SPANKING.
ITS NOTHING THAT I WOULD
CONDONE.
SO SOMEONE BEATING A CHILD LIKE
THIS IS INAPPROPRIATE?
YES. THE DAY CARE CENTER IS
LICENSED BY THE HEALTH
DEPARTMENT.
THIS YEAR IT'S RECEIVED FOUR
COMPLAINTS. NONE RELATED TO
CHILD
DISCIPLINE.
THE HEALTH DEPARTMENT IS
INVESTIGATING THE INCIDENT.
THE DAYCARE OWNER COULD BE FINED
AND FORCED TO TAKE ADDITIONAL
TRAINING.
LIVE IN JACKSON ROSS ADAMS 16
WAPT NEWS.
THIS BRINGS US TO OUR INSTAPOLL
16-- DO YOU THINK DAYCARE
WORKERS
SHOULD BE ALLOWED TO SPANK KIDS?
SO FAR MOST OF YOU SAY NO.
CALL OR TEXT 601-980- 4416 AND
ENTER "1" FOR YES OR "2" FOR NO.
YOU CAN ALSO VOTE ON OUR
FACEBOOK PAGE OR TWITTER.